README.md, before:

# watchopedia

# Description  
I am a movie & tv show lover but I do not know what I want to watch. I open watchopedia and search by (actor, tv show, or movie). The website populates results of the search. I can save some of those titles to favorites. If I have no idea what I feel like watching the website has a featured section at the homepage.

# Technologies Used
- HTML, CSS, JS, Bulma, API's (TVMaze, IMBD)
- https://imdb-api.com/api
- https://www.tvmaze.com/api


# Functionality
*CUURENTLY* 
- search for any TV Show or Actor name. 
- Data from TV Maze & IMBD will populate depending on the users input.
- Actor: Name, image, birthdate, and summary.
- TV Shows: Name, image, rating, summary, and link to website.

# Challenges
- Search limitations
- Merge/branch conflicts
- Switching API's for TV Shows

# Future Development
- Have mobile responsiveness
- Error messages
- Heart favorites
- Hide other sections
- Ratings
- Trending section
- Upcoming movies and local showtimes

# Link 
https://felipezintzun.github.io/watchopedia/

Commit message:

put a homepage screenshot and fixed spelling mistakes

README.md, after:

# watchopedia

# Description

I am a movie & tv show lover but I do not know what I want to watch. I open watchopedia and search by (actor, tv show, or movie). The website populates results of the search. I can save some of those titles to favorites. If I have no idea what I feel like watching the website has a featured section at the homepage.

# Technologies Used

- HTML, CSS, JS, Bulma, API's (TVMaze, IMBD)
- https://imdb-api.com/api
- https://www.tvmaze.com/api

# Functionality

_CURRENTLY_

- search for any TV Show or Actor name.
- Data from TV Maze & The Movie Database will populate depending on the users input.
- Actor: Name, image, birthdate/deathdate, and summary.
- TV Shows: Name, image, rating, summary, and link to website.
- Error messages if an actor/show/movie can't be found, or if the input was left blank

# Challenges

- Search limitations
- Merge/branch conflicts
- Switching API's for TV Shows

# Future Development

- Have mobile responsiveness
- Heart favorites
- Ratings
- Trending section
- Upcoming movies and local showtimes

# Link

https://felipezintzun.github.io/watchopedia/

# Screenshots

If you click on the link above and you see the image below, you're good to go!
![Watchopedia Homepage](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88728912/147701550-57e2cafb-0c9e-4dc5-934c-5ef8e2baea5f.png)
